what is going on 
a letter, sentence is visible
one line at a time 
one commit at a time. 

slow but constant progress 
in bursts / dashes / darts 

A stranger seeing another 
in a bathroom mirror 
a look of quiet depth 

A constant pull to the physical the 
superficial surface level 

Fist order. 

Only second order effects

Second order gihub repo. 

Frew writing the thoughts? 

Exactly like a diary

Correspondence with a Stranger

purely the physical 

with what intention 

Does repeated viewing 

Unsheathe / Reveal / post 

A stream of thought 

I/O processing 

Forced photography

too bright for the eye 

artists have many shades

Aesthetic can be appreciated? 

is it OK to look at the menu? 

very interesting 

history disappears 

like the star wars 

title scene 

anything you can imagine 

one commit at a time 

*commit a commit* 

shit gets bigger wow 

markdown continues 

a keyboard friendly diary 

notebook to chat 

with a stranger 

a new person 

evolving purging 

*anicha* 

edit at the speed of thought 

anything that comes recorded 

More awareness 

transparency 

Inner communication? 

What kind of dialogue is 

*My shadow* 

alacritty es lacra el mio 

*my shadow*

Earlier heavier braver 

una locura desde el principio 

una mejora increible 

No le pares bolas a esa vaina. 

Dejame asimilar esta mierda 

*coming out the other side*

46 and 2 

*I've been crawling on my belly 
Clearing out what could have been 

I've been wallowing in my own confused 
And insecure delusion 
For a piece to cross me over 
or a word to guide me in 
I wanna feel the changes coming down 
I wanna know what I've been hiding 
Or a word to guide me in 
I wanna feel changes coming down 
I wanna know what I've been hiding*





