Conozco un momento poetico 
Lo vi en estos dias 

El tipo se llama 
Bernardo 

Dejate de joder 

I thought I disliked systems development until Rust 

Systems power the world 

Computer systems are just the latest iteration 

sorta like Factories, etc. 

Multiplicative effect on supply. 

(Mal explicado)

Explicar de forma clara. The spirit must be sound. 

Tech development is the bridge to everything

If everything is a web app, underlying distro choice is irrelevant.

Distro fights irrelevant

Hacker safe time / space at night 

Actual tranquility. 

Man at his keyboard 

All day long. 

Does everyone a happy coincidence 

Aesthetic career? 

Marauder

Man on the desert 

In the wild.

Outdoorsman of modernity 

Lacras af 

Most developed countries in the world: 
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/List_of_countries_by_Internet_connection_speeds

History was the key to civilazation. 

Development of Systems is analagous to development of history


*Vim === Godtier*

Everything you use needs to be Turing Complete 

Bring the network inside 

Esa mierda no compone 

**Mundo moderno y demotratico**

**Construyeron el dinero que robaron**


Computer systems 

Are also weapons 

Could definitely plan a hack 

The market is world scale 

Fucking ridiculous 

Uruguay slaps 

Bien por Chile 

*Lo mas cercano a Dios*

Now that's a plot 

Marico podriamos aniquilar al gobierno 

*Vigilante?*

Where's the cape at

Security Considerations: 
    - Git servers running locally 
    - Systems concepts are taught in a boring as fuck fashion 
    - 15213 `bomb lab` is more like it 
    - Learn rust with 15213 course material. 
        - Fucking genius 
        - A veces no se de donde sale la bestia 
        - Jesus Christ 
        - Workflow improvements are multiplicative

Completely talking to myself

Hearing the thoughts 

Que carajo escucho 

Welcome 


Tiranos del planeta 

Huyan 

Lo que viene es 

**Proyecto Bolivar**

*The Holy Bible def Metaphorical*

Tiranos, saludos 

Como se acoplan a su celda?

Como duermen de noche?

Como existen? 

Cada respiro nefasto 

Realmente dan pena 

Con la facilidad que cayeron. 

Ley es Ley 

Todo lo que sube 

bueno ya saben 

Dolor es lo que han brindado 

Separacion 

Crearon su propio final 

Los conozco de nino 

Los conozco del huerto 

Los vi demoler todo 

Poco a poco 

Pelo a Pelo demoler todo 

Attack vectors:
1. Mobile data snooping 
2. IoT (smartwatches, fridges, etc) 

