Manic 

Very simple character trait 

**Life is a game**

Play 

OK listo. 

Ahora relajate.

If you don't talk with yourself you're going insane

because of **line 1**

Every day is a gamble 

Every decision is a gamble. 

Finite game 

Systems person. 

Someone who builds things in the real world for real people.

Get with someone and talk about it. 

Work every daay 

If every single though is version controlled. We crank **harder** than everyone 

Take advantage of everyone who is dumb for your benefit.

Give them nothing except a smile :)

We actually only need a very small amount of funding 

Enter Venezuela 

Regulation does not exist 

Everyone uses internet-enabled devices (Phones, computers) 

*No one has fast internet*

Government as a Service 

Take them down first 

What's Amazon's superpower? 

Operational difficulties are leverage

Somos la Mafia 

Skin in the Game 

Lacreo 24/7

*Play the Saxophone*

Our Saxophone is a club 

Very hard to get in 

Very advantageous to get in 

**Prestige **

HYPE**

The pandemic is actually a feature

Pandemics have always been around 

We gonna work around it.

Clean Content Diet 


## *UPSTART BLOKE*

1. I believe that speed, like exercise and eating healthy, can be habitual.
2. A good plan violently executed now is better than a perfect plan next week.
3. Deciding on when a decision will be made from the start is a profound, powerful change that will speed everything up. 
4. 20 moves ahead is **OK**

Robots don't work for society. 

Robots work for Amazon 

Robots need to work for society 

For everyone 

All the time 

Universities allocate resources inefficiently 

Because they are not commodities

Hypothesis per second 

**Crank crank crank**

VC's in our office space? 
Have them pay for it lol 

I'm basically writing a game 

I set the rules they lose.

Every decision they lose

I win. 

Chillin'

Brain 
**Storm**

UI is the text 
UI is the language

I don't understand what it is yet 

Neither do you 
